Addons documentation reworked 2 (#5257)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/addons.rst

Language consistency
--------------------

Ensures all components within a project have translations for every added
translated language by creating empty translations in languages that

> have unadded components.

Reviewer: Feedback by @Fat-Zer on https://hosted.weblate.org/translate/weblate/application/en/?checksum=4deafeb5b1c33e4c:

> The phrase is quite heavy-worded... I suggest to rephrase:
>
>>    Ensures that if a translation to a language will be added to any component of a project an empty translation to that language will be added to all other components of the project as well.

Automatically adds or removes project components based on file changes in the
version control system.

Triggered each time the VCS is updated, and otherwise similar to
the :djadmin:`import_project` management command. This way you can track
multiple translation components within one VCS.

The matching is done using regular expressions 

> that enables complex configuration, but some knowledge is needed to use them conveniently. 

Author: ```suggestion
enabling complex configuration, but some knowledge is required to do so. 
```

Automatically adds or removes project components based on file changes in the
version control system.

Triggered each time the VCS is updated, and otherwise similar to
the :djadmin:`import_project` management command. This way you can track
multiple translation components within one VCS.

> Matching is done using powerful regular expressions, reducing configuration

Author: configuration complexity of the UI? Why mention its relation to configuration complexity?

Reviewer 2: If you are not sure about something that much that you ask about that, please don’t change it. At least wait for the answer before the change.

Automatically adds or removes project components based on file changes in the
version control system.

Triggered each time the VCS is updated, and otherwise similar to
the :djadmin:`import_project` management command. This way you can track
multiple translation components within one VCS.

Create one main component least likely to disappear in the future, and others
will employ :ref:`internal-urls` to it as a VCS configuration, and configure it

> to find all components in it.

Author: What is "it" here?

The matching is done using regular expressions, where its power is a trade-off
for reduced complexity in configuration. Some examples for common use-cases can

> be found in the addon help section.

Author: I can't for the life of me find the addon help section.

.. seealso::

    :ref:`markup`

>     

Author: Don't know if this is the way to do things, but I had great difficulty figuring out what this was, and still don't understand it being where it was …?

Reviewer 2: fixed :) Thank you!

.. seealso::

    :ref:`markup`
    
.. hint::

   With :ref:`internal-urls` you can populate the VCS configuration of other components

>    from your main component by pointing to it as weblate://projectname/themaincomponent

Reviewer: Maybe better to mark that as sample:

```suggestion
   from your main component by pointing to it as ``weblate://projectname/themaincomponent``
```

   from the :ref:`component-repo` field (in :guilabel:`Manage` ↓ :guilabel:`Settings` ↓

>    :guilabel:`Version control system`) of each resective component.

Reviewer: Typo?

```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Version control system`) of each respective component.
```

Generates a file containing detailed info about the translation status.

> You can use a Django template in both filename and content, see :ref:`markup`

Author: one/the/a?

Reviewer 2: a is right

Author: ```suggestion
You can use a Django template for both filename and content, see :ref:`markup`
```
? (assumption is that the Django template isn't in there)

.. envvar:: WL_FILE_FORMAT

    File format used in current component.

.. envvar:: WL_LANGUAGE

    Language of currently processed translation (not available for 
    component-level hooks).

.. envvar:: WL_PREVIOUS_HEAD

>     Previous HEAD on update (available only when running post-update hook).

Author: after?

Reviewer 2: yes, after update

.. envvar:: WL_FILE_FORMAT

    File format used in current component.

.. envvar:: WL_LANGUAGE

    Language of currently processed translation (not available for 
    component-level hooks).

.. envvar:: WL_PREVIOUS_HEAD

>     Previous HEAD on update (available only when running post-update hook).

Author: ```suggestion
    Previous HEAD after update (only available after running the post-update hook).
```
?
